hey guys this is emerald fire and today
I'm going to show you how to do
something a lot of people have wanted to
do for a very long time and that is give
dyed armor with command blocks this is
in snapshot 13-week 36b and in 1.7 jeff
has implemented a new data tag system
that allows for editing NBT tags with
command blocks previously you had to use
mcedit to do this and there was no way
to use command blocks to give died on
but now there is so I have set up some
examples right here I set up red white
yellow green and blue and the purple I
will do on camera so I can show you how
to do it but basically what this is is
give @p 299 and you can change this to
anything and 299 is the data value for
the tunic one and zero data and this is
the tag that changes the color display
color and then this number here now if
you go and scroll over the tunic it will
say the color in hexadecimal but this
only accepts color in decimal so you'll
have to use an online converter for that
just Google hexadecimal to numeric and
click I'm feeling lucky and that will
take you to a website that allows you to
convert hexadecimal values to decimal
values so let's do the purple one I have
here a leather tunic and some purple dye
and of course you can use as many dyes
as you want to make it whatever color
you want it will always have a
hexadecimal value that can be converted
so I'll take this and now I'll just go
to that website where it converts them
now you can use any website of course
it's all the same and the hexadecimal
number is 7 f3 f b2 so 7 f3 f b2 and
then we'll convert that to decimal and
we get
eight three three nine three seven eight
and so what you're going to want to do
is put that right in here so eight three
three nine three seven eight okay and
now it should give me a purple tunic and
there it is it's that simple guys and
I'm really happy you can do this I
actually don't have any specific uses
for it but it's something that I've seen
people ask lots of times and now it's
finally possible so that's all for this
video I hope you enjoyed and I'll see
you all next time